Add documentation about shift swap requests (#2719)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/mobile-app/push-notifications/index.md

# Push notifications

> There are four types of push notifications for the mobile app:

Reviewer: good call!

On-call shift notifications are sent to announce upcoming shifts, roughly ~15 minutes in advance.

To enable or disable on-call shift notifications, use the **info notifications** section in the **Push notifications** settings.

### Shift swap notifications

Shift swap notifications are generated when a [shift swap ][shift-swaps] is created,
informing all users in the on-call schedule (except the initiator) about potential schedule changes.

Shift swap notifications are sent 4 weeks ahead of the requested shift swap, or shortly after creation in case
the shift swap start time is less than 4 weeks away, but always during users' working hours (by default 9am-5pm on
weekdays, according to the user's mobile device timezone).

> As long as the shift swap request is open, there will be follow-up push notifications at the following intervals before the swap start:

Reviewer: this feels like a bit too much detail for this page. maybe we can just link to the shift swaps page where we also explain this whole timeline.

On-call shift notifications are sent to announce upcoming shifts, roughly ~15 minutes in advance.

To enable or disable on-call shift notifications, use the **On-call shift notifications** section in the **Push notifications** settings.

### Shift swap notifications

> Shift swap notifications are generated when a [shift swap request][shift-swaps] is created,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shift swap notifications are generated when a [shift swap][shift-swaps] is requested,
```

> informing all users in the on-call schedule (except the initiator) about potential schedule changes.

Reviewer: the notification serves much more as an opportunity to help out your team member, rather then becoming aware of potential (future) changes

> Shift swap notifications are sent one month ahead of the requested shift swap, during users' working hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shift swap notifications are sent one month ahead of the requested shift swap, or shortly after creation in case the shift swap start time is less then a month away, but always during users' working hours
```
